Update _index.md (#33129)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/sheets/_index.md

  text: "Explore your data with Sheets, DDSQL Editor, and Notebooks for advanced analysis in Datadog"
---

> {{< callout url="https://www.datadoghq.com/product-preview/flexible-spreadsheets-in-datadog-sheets/" header="Create flexible spreadsheets">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout url="https://www.datadoghq.com/product-preview/flexible-spreadsheets-in-datadog-sheets/">}}
```

Reviewer: Removing this to revert to the standard header: "Join the Preview!"

> Preview our new, more flexible spreadsheet - built to let you start from scratch, build models, track operations, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create flexible spreadsheets: built to let you start from scratch, build models, track operations, and more.
```
